# Offline source only — not read by the Flutter app at runtime.
# Used by: dart run tool/generate_style_skills.dart (full stance text → merged into rules.json)
#       and dart run tool/sync_rules_from_sources.dart (style summaries → rules.json;
#       also merges assets/data/_winter_tail.txt when present).
# Bundled app data is assets/data/rules.json only.

55

Vigilance Form

Alt: Bear / Eternity / Heart / Moment Form

Action Dice

At the start of your turn, either heal or discard one token you hold.
At the end of your turn, choose an enemy in range and give them
one Weakness token.

1+ or 4+: Bow Down
Give one Weakness token to an enemy within range.
4+: Give two Weakness tokens to an enemy within range.

1+ or 4+: Stand Strong
Heal yourself or an ally you can see.
4+: Heal yourself or a different ally you can see.

Eyes Wide Open
Your senses are unusually strong. You cannot be surprised by
anything, and always have a chance to react first.
Weakness Tokens: Whenever you deal damage, if you are holding any
Weakness tokens, reduce that damage by 2, to a minimum of 0. Then, discard 1
Weakness token.
Tiered Actions get stronger the larger a number you spend on them. These
Actions have multiple costs listed, like Stand Strong. These Actions also list
these higher costs in the text box - if you do not spend a large enough number,
you stop performing the Action at those points.
So if you spend a 2 to Stand Strong, you can heal yourself or an ally. But if
you spend a 4, you can heal yourself and an ally, heal two allies, or heal twice.
If you heal someone at zero HP, they return to play immediately, and may
take turns and be attacked by enemies again.
When healing does not list a number, it heals equal to the Heal Value, which
is set by the Cinematic Weight of the fight.
If your Stance heals you at the start of your turn, such as with Vigilance
Form's Ability, you heal before rolling Action Dice. If you were Taken Out at the
start of your turn, this healing allows you to take your turn as normal.

56

Wild Form

Alt: Beast / Platinum / Soul / Storm Form

Action Dice

At the start of your turn, for each of these that is true, add
your Action Dice:
> Your current health bar is at half HP or less.
> Someone on your team is Taken Out.
> You are holding a non-Basic token.

to

2 Basic Tokens: Fury
The Basic tokens are Iron, Power, and Speed tokens.

Deal 1 damage to an enemy within range.
At the end of this turn, push that enemy 1 space.
Fury can be used only 3 times per turn.

Wind Runner
You can leap to anywhere you can see, run along walls, run as
fast as a car, and, if you have an explanation, fly.
Token Actions, like Fury, do not cost a number to perform. You can
perform them at any time, even outside of your own turn, as long as you have the
tokens to pay for them.
Actions cannot interrupt Actions. If you use Fury during an enemy's turn,
you must use it before or after one of their Actions. You cannot unleash your
Fury in the middle of their Action. If you use Fury during an enemy's turn, you
may continue to keep using Fury until you are done or run out of tokens. They do
not get to continue their turn until you're done.
For maximum Fury damage, you will want to spend your Speed and Iron
tokens first, and use your Power tokens to amplify Fury's damage on each hit.

57

Zen Form

Alt: Lotus / Mantis / Spiral / World Form

Action Dice

Your Action Pool is predetermined: 7, 5, 3, 1.
You may hold multiple Shields at a time. Only one Shield is active
at a time. When your active Shield breaks, your next Shield doesn't
become active until the end of the current turn.
When an enemy damages or breaks your Shield, you deal 1
damage to them.

3+ or 7+: Focus
You gain a 2 point Shield. You may move one space.
7+: You gain a 4 point Shield. You may move two spaces.

Peaceful Heart
You can redirect others' anger to more productive ends. Your
soothing voice and gentle touch can calm rampaging beasts,
unruly mobs, and anyone else acting out of hurt or anger.
Shields are an extra health bar, on top of your current one. You can only
hold one Shield at a time, except in Zen Form. When you take damage, reduce
your Shield by that amount instead. When your Shield drops to 0, it breaks.
Unlike normal health bars, Shields cannot be healed, and damage carries
over when they break. If you take 5 damage while holding a 3 point Shield, the
Shield will break and you will take 2 damage.
If you gain a Shield while you already have one, you decide whether to take
the new Shield or keep the old one.
If you leave Zen Form while holding multiple Shields, choose one to keep
and discard the rest.
If you use an Action or Ability that spends your HP, like Bleeding Style's
Lash Out, you must spend that HP from your health bar. You cannot pay for
Lash Out with your Shield.
Tiered Actions get stronger the larger a number you spend on them. These
Actions have multiple costs listed, like Focus. These Actions also list these
higher costs in the text box - if you do not spend a large enough number, you
stop performing the Action at those points.
So if you spend a 3 or 5 to Focus, you gain a 2 point Shield and may move
one space. But if you spend a 7, you gain a 2 point Shield and a 4 point Shield,
and you may move one, two, or three spaces.

58

Chapter 5
Archetypes and Styles

59

Styles are the main way you make your fighting style yours. While the
Forms are the building blocks of fighting, your Styles take that
fundamental form and twist it into something special.
Styles are organized by the Archetype they come from. An
Archetype consists of a set of three Abilities and five Styles. The Ability
you get depends on if your Hero is Focused, Fused, or Frantic.
Focused Heroes get a single Archetype, and must pick all three of
their Styles from that Archetype. In return, they get a strong, dependable
Focused Ability that they can always rely on.
Fused Heroes get two Archetypes. They pick two of their Styles
from one of those Archetypes, and their third Style from the other
Archetype. They get the Fused Ability of each of their Archetypes,
which are each half as powerful as a Focused Ability is.
Frantic Heroes get three Archetype Abilities, two Styles that are
found within two of those Archetypes, and a third Style from any other
Archetype they want. They have ultimate flexibility, but trade it for
inconsistency. Every turn, they cannot use the Form, Style, or Frantic
Ability they used in the previous turn.
The Archetypes are:

Angel: A controlling tank focused on Challenge tokens.
Cavalry: A team support leader focused on Shields.
Cyborg: A versatile combo warrior focused on Basic tokens of all types.
Demon: An aggressive monster focused on combo breaking.
Flametongue: A zoning combo fighter focused on Burning tokens.
Gunkata: A defensive zoning fighter focused on keeping their distance.
Phantom: A defensive, supporting zoner focused on versatility.
Punk: An aggressive tank focused on revenge.
Teacher: A mentor focused on letting their allies do all the work.
Trickster: A defensive tank focused on never being pinned down.
Underdog: A defensive warrior focused on Basic tokens of all types.
Wardancer: A rush-down brawler focused on high numbers.
Winterblossom: A controlling bastion focused on Weakness tokens.

60

.

Archetype: Angel

Angels are the embodiment of law, purity, and order. Their enemies
cannot defy them. Angels will find you, hunt you, and destroy you.
Angels are a controlling, defensive Archetype, focused on durability
and tenacity, but its a focused tenacity. Angels pick an enemy and they
make their life real difficult.
Angels don't dish out a lot of damage, but they can reliably withstand
a ton of it, and they Challenge their enemies to focus on the Angel before
they can deal with her friends. The Angel's Ability makes her get back up
again every turn, so Angels cannot be Taken Out while anyone on her
team is still standing.
Angels make heavy use of Challenge tokens, using them to control
their enemies, and every Style they have gives them a different means of
dealing with having a lot of enemies who all want you dead.

61

Focused Angel
At the start of your turn, Challenge an enemy you can see, then
deal 1 damage to them, then heal 1.
After you Challenge an enemy, deal 1 damage to them and heal 1.
The second half of the Focused Angel Ability does trigger off of the
first half. The end result is that at the start of your turn, you Challenge an
enemy, deal 2 damage to them, and heal 2.

Fused Angel
At the start of your turn, Challenge an enemy you can see.
After you Challenge an enemy, deal 1 damage to them and heal 1.

Frantic Angel
At the start of this turn, Challenge an enemy you can see, deal 2
damage to them, and heal.

Halcyon Style

Range: 1-2

At the start of your turn, remove one token you hold.
After you remove tokens using an Action or Ability, you gain an
equal number of Iron tokens.

1+ or 3+ or 6+: Purify
Remove one token from yourself or an ally within range.
3+: Remove up to two tokens from someone within range.
6+: Remove up to two tokens from someone within range.
Halcyon Style is focused on Iron tokens and support, so it pairs well
with defensive and support Forms. Paying for Token Actions does not
count as removing tokens for Halcyon's Ability.
Halcyon Vigilance and Halcyon Song are the only Forms that can
remove tokens without Purify, triggering Halcyon's Ability.
Halcyon Blaster allows for very wide-reaching Purifies. Your extra
targets can apply to any part of the Action, so an Amplified 6+ Purify
could remove as many as 13 tokens!
Halcyon Wild lets you turn all those Iron tokens into Fury. Purified
rage is the strongest kind of rage.
Halcyon Zen guarantees you can use a 6+ Purify every turn.

62

Judgment Style

Range: 1

When an enemy with your Challenge starts their turn, they do not
roll their lowest Action Die. It is discarded and unused.

5+: Denial
Teleport adjacent to an enemy you can see, and Challenge them.
Judgment Style is great for singling out one enemy and making it
hard for them to do anything.
Reminder: Abilities do not work while you are Taken Out, so once
you go down, Challenged enemies will get their Action Dice back.
Judgment Power can reliably use Denial, which covers for Power
Form's mobility problem.
Judgment Iron and Judgment Reversal give you Armor, letting you
Challenge many enemies and survive the attention.
Judgment Control is the hardest lock-down Stance in the game,
letting you remove two of an enemy's Actions per turn at the cost of one
Challenge and Control token per enemy.
Judgment Zen helps your Shields survive through your Challenged
enemies' turns by limiting their actions, guarantees access to a Denial,
and Zen's Ability makes Challenged enemies defeat themselves for you.

Shining Style

Range: 1

At the start of your turn, all obstacles and enemies adjacent to you
are pushed one space.
Enemies cannot move into the spaces adjacent to you.

1+ or 4+: Beacon
Pull one ally up to three spaces. You and that ally heal 1.
4+: That ally heals.
Shining Style lets you act as a living wall, completely shutting down
enemies with Range: 1, especially after you Challenge them.
Shining Dance, Shining Vigilance, and Shining Song generate a
lot of breathing room, providing both healing and safety.
Shining Control and Shining Blaster increase your range, allowing
you to attack from behind the safety of the Shining Ability. Without this
range boost, you have to move close enough to where enemies can hit
you to attack them.

63

Singing Style

Range: 2-4

At the start and end of your turn, you gain a 2 point Shield.
After each Action you perform, if you have an active Shield,
increase its value by 1.
Destroy Your Active Shield: Symphony
Symphony is a Token Action, but the cost is your Active Shield.

Choose two: Pull an ally 3 spaces; an ally within range heals;
Challenge an enemy within range; an enemy within range is
pushed 3 spaces; or destroy an obstacle within range.
Singing Style is a Shield-based style that can shed its Shield at any
time to surprise your enemies. You can pull out a surprise Symphony
between any Action, as long as you have a Shield.
Singing Zen is the obvious stance to take, as it allows you to hold
multiple Shields so you can perform multiple Symphonies. After you
perform a Symphony, your next Shield does not become active until next
turn, so you can not immediately perform a second Symphony.
Singing Dance is a powerful recovery Stance. Movement is an
Action, and Try And Keep Up is also an Action, so this Stance can build
up a huge Shield while also healing you.
Singing Shadow and Singing Wild both have many Action Dice
and a Token Action, so these stances allow you to build up a beefy
Shield while doing normal Shadow or Wild things.

Winged Style

Range: 1-2

Edges cannot remove you from play.
At the end of every turn, you may move two spaces.

1+: As The Crow Flies
Teleport three or four spaces.
Winged Style is a highly mobile harassment style, able to be
anywhere it needs to be to best cause trouble. The Winged Ability
triggers on every turn, not just your own, letting you stay out of reach.
Winged Power and Winged One-Two let you put that speed to good
use, getting wherever you need to be to hurt things.
Winged Reversal takes advantage of both parts' strengths, with
Winged Style's free movement at the end of every turn putting you in
position for Reversal Form's out of turn Actions.
Winged Shadow is one of the fastest stances in the game, letting you
constantly move around while creating obstacles as you go.

64

Archetype: Cavalry
No one keeps up like the Cavalry. Your job is to get in, exactly where
you need to be, and keep everyone on their feet. Nobody is there for them
like you can be. Cavalry are protectors, heroes, and all around nice
people to have on your side of the battlefield.
Cavalry provide a wide variety of support abilities for their team,
giving Shields to anyone who fights alongside them. The Cavalry can get
wherever they need to be and provide just the back up your team needs.
Cavalry need to watch their positioning. Many of their Abilities work
by being within range of their allies, and being where you need to be can
make a huge difference in the flow of battle.
Cavalry are all about the team buffs. When you have the Cavalry
around, you can expect to get a bunch of small bonuses every turn. When
playing as the Cavalry, be sure to keep track of these bonuses for your
team, so they can properly take advantage of them.

65

Focused Cavalry
At the start and end of your turn, you and each ally adjacent to
you gains a 2 point Shield. When your Shield or an ally's Shield
breaks, you gain 1 Speed token.

Fused Cavalry
At the end of your turn, you and each ally adjacent to you gains a
2 point Shield.

Frantic Cavalry
At the start and end of this turn, you and each ally adjacent to you
gains a 2 point Shield.

Charging Style

Range: 1

At the start of your turn, you may move 2 spaces.
At the start of each ally's turn, they may move 2 spaces.

3+: Follow My Lead
You may move one space, then deal 1 damage to an enemy
within range. An ally you can see may move one space, then deal
1 damage to an enemy within their range.
Charging Style provides team support regardless of your own
positioning, so its ideal for getting where you need to be.
One-Two Form is a natural pair with Charging Style, even when it
isn't your One-Two Form. An ally using One-Two will trigger the OneTwo Ability when they Follow Your Lead. Be on the lookout for allies
with other Abilities that trigger when they deal damage with an Action.
Charging Blaster is a powerful combination. Each extra target for
Follow My Lead can be an extra ally moving and attacking, letting the
whole team strike in unison.
Charging Shadow puts its six Action Dice to use, letting you use
Follow My Lead many times.
Charging Reversal can use Follow My Lead during your allies' turns,
if they need just a little more movement to get where they need to be. You
can use this Stance to correct minor positioning issues as they pop up.

66

Heroic Style

Range: 1-2

Whenever an ally within range takes damage, they take half that
damage (rounded down) and you take the other half (rounded up).

4+: Burning Heart
You and each ally within range gains 2 Iron tokens.
Heroic Style keeps everyone else safe, no matter what. As long as
you're in the middle of the squad, they won't get hurt at all.
Heroic Iron and Heroic Reversal are obvious choices, as Armor
drastically increases the Heroic Ability's benefits.
Heroic Reversal and Heroic Shadow can keep their Speed tokens
between turns, so you can move to where you need to be to take damage,
or get out of there if you start taking too much damage.
Heroic Zen is a punishing stance. If you're positioned right, the Zen
Ability will deal damage to your enemies every time they attack anyone
on your team, as long as you can keep your Shields up.
Heroic Control is less obvious than other choices, but Range 1-5
with Burning Heart is a powerful combo. The Control tokens also help
you deal with those attacks that you can't afford to take head on.

Jumping Style

Range: 1

At the start and end of your turn, you may teleport one, two, or
three spaces.

4+: Leap In
Teleport up to three spaces.
You may deal 2 damage to an enemy within range.
Jumping Style lets you dive onto threats that need to go down
quickly. Sometimes the best team support is to take out the problem.
Jumping Power and Jumping One-Two are obvious choices, as
these Forms give you the damage you want to dive on a threat.
Jumping Blaster is also an option, as the Jumping Ability and Leap
In let you easily get into position for Shockwave.
Jumping Wild works pretty well as a panic stance, for when things
get bad and you don't know what else to do.
Jumping Vigilance lets you easily get in position to heal or hand out
Weakness tokens, then jump away to safety. You can trigger your
Abilities in any order, so at the end of your turn, you can either use the
Vigilance Ability before jumping away, or after jumping to an enemy.

67

Rallying Style

Range: 1

At the end of your turn, you and each ally within range heals.
At the start of each ally's turn, if they are within range of you, they
may heal.

2+ or 3+ or 5+: Group Up
Pull one ally up to 3 spaces.
3+: Pull one ally up to 4 spaces.
5+: Each pulled ally heals.
Rallying Style is healing focused, capable of picking your whole team
back up off the ground.
Rallying Song and Rallying Vigilance are obvious, as the primary
two healing Forms. Rallying Vigilance is especially good, as this Stance
prevents your team from losing its healer in a pinch.
Rallying Iron gives you Armor and access to Secure, which combos
well with Group Up.
Rallying Shadow lets you get into position to pull your allies
wherever they need to be.
Rallying Blaster and Rallying Control increase your Range, greatly
improving the Rallying Ability's flexibility.

Unbreakable Style

Range: 1-2

After each Action you perform, give one Iron token to an ally
other than yourself within range.
Your allies within range may spend your tokens.

4+: Eyes Open
You gain 6 Iron tokens and 1 Weakness token.
Unbreakable Style lets you buff your team by proxy. Any token you
hold becomes a token your friends hold.
Unbreakable Control is the obvious choice, increasing your range to
make sharing tokens easier. The Unbreakable Ability also lets your allies
use your Control tokens, letting you use them as a range boost.
Unbreakable Power and Unbreakable Iron let you build up a lot of
Power or Iron tokens, to use with the Unbreakable Ability.
Unbreakable Shadow and Unbreakable Reversal keep their Speed
tokens outside of your turn, letting your allies borrow movement as they
need it.

68

Archetype: Cyborg
Cyborgs build power over time. They adapt to the threat in front of
them, growing stronger, tougher, or faster, as needed. If you let a Cyborg
build up, they will destroy you.
Cyborgs is a combo-focused Archetype, using their constant flow of
basic tokens to trigger powerful Unique Actions. They are good at
everything and weak to nothing. The Cyborg doesn't have much versatility,
but they make up for it with sheer firepower and speed.
Cyborgs need to pay close attention to their token management.
Basic Tokens are their bread and butter, and everything they do relies on
keeping a stock of the tokens they need when they need them.
With a variety of powerful Token Actions and an Ability that gives
you the tokens you need, the Cyborg sets itself up for success. As long as
you can keep track of what you need when you need it, the Cyborg can
handle anything in front of them.

69

Focused Cyborg
At the start of your turn, you gain four Basic Tokens of your choice.

Fused Cyborg
At the start of your turn, you gain two Basic Tokens of your choice.

Frantic Cyborg
At the start of this turn, you gain four Basic Tokens of your choice.
The Cyborg Abilities give you two or four Basic Tokens of the same
type. So a Focused Cyborg chooses to gain four Iron tokens, four
Power tokens, or four Speed tokens at the start of their turn.
When you choose to gain Speed tokens while using Iron Form or
Power Form, you will gain half of those tokens as Iron or Power tokens,
as per the Abilities of those Forms.

Armored Style

Range: 1-2

After you spend Iron tokens, you heal 1.

2 Iron Tokens: You, Stay
Challenge an enemy within range.
That enemy discards three Speed tokens.
With the Armored Ability, you want to spend only 1 Iron token per hit
you take, if possible. If you spend 4 Iron tokens to block a single hit, the
Armored Ability still only heals 1.
Spending Iron tokens to use You, Stay or Fury will heal you 1.
Armored Style is tough as nails. With each Iron token you hold
negating two damage instead of one, you are very difficult to take down.
Armored Iron is the obvious pair, giving you Armor and the Iron
tokens to spend on You, Stay.
Armored Shadow and Armored Reversal let you move into position
to use You, Stay on enemies you want to slow down during their turn.
Armored Vigilance is a powerful recovery Stance. With the
Vigilance Ability picking you up, the Cyborg Ability giving Iron tokens,
and the Armored Ability making each Iron token count, this combination
all but guarantees you'll survive to your next turn to try something else.
Like all Cyborg Stances, Armored Song is a valid option entirely
because Song Form can give you whatever Basic Token you need.

70

Incinerator Style

Range: 1-3

When you spend Power tokens to boost the damage a hit deals,
give one Burning token to the target of that hit.

2 Power Tokens: Flamethrower
Choose an enemy within range. They take 1 damage, gain one
Burning token, and are pushed 1 space.
If you have 3 Power tokens and spend them all on Flamethrower, it
deals 2 damage, pushes 2 spaces, and gives 2 Burning tokens.
Incinerator Style is extremely aggressive, getting enemies out of
your face and setting them on fire.
Incinerator Power is the obvious stance to take, as it gives you more
Power to spend on the Flamethrower. Incinerator's Ability only gives
one Burning token to a Power-boosted hit, no matter how many Power
tokens you spend. Spending 5 Power tokens on one Flamethrower deals
4 damage, pushes 4 spaces, and gives 2 Burning tokens.
Incinerator One-Two and Incinerator Blaster give you more hits
with each Action, giving you more opportunities to hand out Burning
tokens with Incinerator's Ability.
Like all Cyborg Stances, Incinerator Song is a valid option entirely
because Song Form can give you whatever Basic Token you need.

Machine Style

Range: 1-2

You may spend your Basic Tokens as if they were any other Basic
Tokens. The Basic Tokens are Iron, Power, and Speed tokens.

1+ or 4+: High Efficiency
Choose three: You heal 1; you gain one Iron token; you gain
one Power token; you gain one Speed token; or you deal 1
damage to an enemy within range.
4+: Choose the last two options.
A 4+ High Efficiency performs all five choices, in the order listed.
Machine Style is a well-rounded Style that pairs well with any Form.
Machine Shadow and Machine Reversal keep their Speed tokens
between turns, allowing you to use them with Machine's Ability.
High Efficiency does a lot at low cost, so Machine Shadow and
Machine Wild make the best use of this with their many Action Dice.
Like all Cyborg Stances, Machine Song is a valid option entirely
because Song Form can give you whatever Basic Token you need.

71

Rocket Style

Range: 1

After you push someone, you may teleport to any empty space
adjacent to them.

2 Speed Tokens: Rocket Tackle
Push an adjacent enemy or ally two spaces.
Rocket Style carries your allies to where they should be, and pushes
enemies away from where they want to be.
Rocket Dance is incredibly mobile, letting you Throw someone,
teleport to them, and take home a bunch of Speed tokens for your trouble.
Rocket Shadow and Rocket Reversal can keep hold of your Speed
Tokens for impromptu Rocket Tackle interrupts.
Like all Cyborg Stances, Rocket Song is a valid option entirely
because Song Form can give you whatever Basic Token you need.

Syphon Style

Range: 1-2

At the end of your turn, choose a token you hold. Either replace it
with a Power token, or gain another copy of it.

2+ or 6+: Power Converter
Target a single token held by you or someone within range.
Choose one or both: You steal the targeted token(s) from them;
and/or replace the targeted token(s) with Power tokens.
6+: The Choice Effect applies to every token they hold of the
targeted token's type.
Syphon Style filters out excess tokens into more Power, letting you
turn weakness into strength. A 6+ Power Converter will steal and/or
replace every token of a single type held by your target. So if an ally has 3
Weakness tokens, you may turn them into 3 Power tokens.
Syphon Power and Syphon Wild can efficiently use all the Power
Tokens you gain from Power Converter.
Syphon Blaster lets you remove more tokens at once. An Amplified
6+ Power Converter can remove 5 types of tokens from anyone with
range, giving all of them back to you as Power tokens. Extra targets don't
give you more choices - you must make the same choice for every target.
Syphon Reversal can steal your opponent's tokens the moment they
gain them, before they even get to use them.
Syphon Zen guarantees you get a 6+ Power Converter each turn.
Like all Cyborg Stances, Syphon Song is a valid option entirely
because Song Form can give you whatever Basic Token you need.

72

Archetype: Demon
Demons are big bullies. They get their strength from making others
weak. They drain your strength, toss you aside, and just when you think
you've got the upper hand, they sneak in a surprise attack.
Demons are an aggressive Archetype, focusing on picking off their
enemies one by one. They stay on their feet by keeping their enemies off
balance, and limiting their ability to counterattack effectively.
Demons need to be wary of their enemy's capabilities, because they
are relatively fragile. They rely on their tricks, their Fog and Weakness
tokens and teleports, to avoid being punished for their aggressive antics.
But what really makes a Demon vicious is their Chaos tokens, which
they can spend to take Actions out of turn. They need to keep track of
the best time to use those tokens, because a key interruption can mean
the difference between defeat and domination.

73

Focused Demon
At the end of your turn, you gain 2 Chaos tokens.

Fused Demon
At the end of your turn, you gain 1 Chaos token.

Frantic Demon
At the end of this turn, you gain 2 Chaos tokens.
Chaos Token: This token is exclusively used by the Demon. At any
time, you may spend a Chaos token to immediately take a 4 Action,
interrupting the current turn until that Action is resolved.

Dark Style

Range: 2-4

You can see and target enemies through Fog.
At the end of your turn, place a Fog obstacle into your space.

4+: Darkness Dawns
Place two Fog obstacles into empty spaces within range.
You may teleport to one of those Fog obstacles.

4+: Twilight Sorrow
Each enemy standing in Fog gains one Weakness token.
You gain one Speed token for each enemy affected.
For Twilight Sorrow, enemies standing adjacent to Fog still count as
being in Fog. Twilight Sorrow gives you the same number of Speed
tokens as the number of Weakness tokens it hands out.
The Dark Ability replaces any obstacle in your space with Fog.
Dark Style lets you set up a lot of Fog to hide in, and punish any
enemies who try to use it by handing them Weakness tokens.
Dark Shadow can use Stunt to create more Fog. The Shadow
Ability lets you keep your Speed tokens when you use Twilight Sorrow
out of turn with a Chaos Token.
Dark Blaster lets you place more fog with Darkness Dawns, as well
as taking advantage of its Ability to target through Fog for unavoidable,
long-range Shockwaves or Amplified Damage Actions.
Dark Control increases your Range, so Darkness Dawns can take
you farther, and you can use your Control tokens through the Fog.

74

Ogre's Style

Range: 1-2

Your Throw Actions may target any number of enemies within
range. After you Throw an enemy, they take 1 damage.

3+: Watch Your Step
Choose an enemy you can see that moved during this turn. You
deal 2 damage to them.
Ogre's Style relies on Throws to trigger Watch Your Step, and its
Ability makes those Throws better and easier to use.
Ogre's Dance is a powerful mobility stance, turning your Throws into
a exponential amount of Speed tokens. If you Throw three enemies three
spaces, you gain 9 Speed tokens!
Ogre's One-Two deals 2 damage with each Throw you perform.
Ogre's Reversal can use Watch Your Step to snipe enemies from
across the map during their own turn, so long as they move at all.
Ogre's Blaster can Throw a bunch of enemies, then use an
Amplified Watch Your Step to hit all of them at once.
Ogre's Control has Range: 1-5, letting you use one Throw Action
on as many enemies as possible.

Slasher Style

Range: 1

At the end of every turn, you deal 1 damage to an adjacent enemy.

4+: Suddenly…
Teleport into an empty space adjacent to someone who is alone.
Someone is alone if nobody is adjacent to them.
The Slasher Ability deals damage every turn, not just your turn.
Slasher Style wants to be in the thick of things. By sticking close to
an enemy who already took their turn, you can slowly tear them apart until
one of their friends pushes you out of the way. Then, you can use your
Chaos tokens to Suddenly… be back in position.
Slasher Reversal and Slasher Shadow can move out of turn, letting
you stick close to enemies you want to focus on with the Slasher Ability.
Slasher Power and Slasher Song give you Power tokens, so you
can deal more damage with the Slasher Ability.
Slasher Iron gives you the survivability you'll need to stand next to
your enemies for several turns, and Contain can pull them close and
place Traps for them to fall in while escaping from you.

75

Vampire Style

Range: 1

After you deal damage with a hit, you heal 1.
After you give Weakness tokens to an enemy, you gain that many
Power tokens.

4+: Life Steal
Deal 2 damage to an enemy within range.
You may give that enemy one Weakness token.
Vampire Style drains power with every blow, growing stronger as
your enemies grow weaker.
Vampire One-Two and Vampire Blaster give each of your attacks
another hit, letting the Vampire Ability heal you more.
Vampire Vigilance has many ways to give out Weakness tokens,
which all turn into extra Power later.
Vampire Zen deals 1 damage each time an enemy hits your shield,
which triggers the Vampire Ability's heal. If you put up your shields while
damaged, enemies trying to break you will only help pick you back up.

Zombie Style

Range: 1

You have Armor.
At the start of your turn, if your HP is 3 or less, you heal.

4+: Hunger
Deal 2 damage to an enemy within range.
You may take one token from that enemy.
The target of Hunger loses the token you take from them, and you
gain that token.
Zombie Style gets back up and stays on its feet. It is a well-rounded
Style that pairs well with any Form.
Zombie Vigilance is a double dose of recovery, healing you twice at
the start of your turn. This Stance can go from zero HP to a full health bar
with a single 4+ Stand Strong.
Zombie Wild lets you easily set up your extra Action Dice from
Wild's Ability, since Hunger can steal tokens and the Zombie Ability
can pick you up from death. The tokens you steal with Hunger can also be
used to pay for Fury.

76

Archetype: Flametongue
Flametongues want to watch the world burn. They specialize in fire,
explosions, and blasts of all sorts, destroying the terrain around them as
they fight.
Flametongues are a zoning Archetype, discouraging their enemies
from getting close and dealing their damage from a distance. They hand
out a lot of Burning tokens, which deal more and more damage the more
of them your enemies have.
Flametongues are vulnerable to foes who can remove tokens easily.
The Angel's Purify, the Cyborg's Power Converter, and the Trickster
Ability can turn your blistering heat into their own strength. Also, Burning
Tokens don't trigger until the end of their turn, and everyone can use Put
It Out!, so don't rely on Burning Tokens to finish your foes off.
The main way a Flametongue defeats their foes is by giving them
more to deal with than they can reasonably handle. You give out so many
Burning tokens, and lay out so many Traps, and punish them for hitting
you, and just make fighting back the last thing they can afford to do.

77

Focused Flametongue
After you deal damage to an enemy with an Action, give that
enemy one Burning token.

Fused Flametongue
The first time you deal damage to an enemy during your turn, give
that enemy two Burning tokens.
If you damage multiple enemies at once, the Fused Flametongue
Ability only gives Burning tokens to one of them.

Frantic Flametongue
During this turn, after you deal damage to an enemy with three or
less Burning tokens, give them one Burning token.

Burning Style

Range: 2-4

After you target an enemy with an Action, if they have four
Burning tokens or less, give them 1 Burning token.

4+: Burn It All Down
Target one enemy within range. Give them one Burning token
and put a Trap into their space.
Burning Style hands out Burning tokens very aggressively, using
traps and fire to overwhelm their foes.
Burning Shadow, Burning One-Two, and Burning Dance
appreciate the free extra burning tokens while doing what they want to
do anyway, and have reliable access to Burn It All Down.
Burning Blaster is your best option for handing out a lot of fire, and
Burn It All Down is extremely good with extra targets.
Burning Iron protects you from the traps you lay, while also letting
you pull enemies through your traps.

78

Explosion Style

Range: 2-4

After you deal damage to an enemy, push that enemy one space.
After you destroy an obstacle, replace it with an Edge.

6+: Ka-Boom!
Deal 2 damage to an enemy within range.
Then, destroy every obstacle adjacent to them.
When you use Ka-Boom!, the Explosion Ability will push them
before the second part of Ka-Boom! This means it will destroy obstacles
adjacent to the space they were pushed into.
Explosion Style makes craters. It tears the map apart and makes
all your attacks high-impact, pushing your enemies all over the place.
Explosion Blaster can use an Amplified Ka-Boom! to destroy a
huge portion of the battlefield.
Explosion Power and Explosion One-Two allow you to push
enemies farther, using either power tokens or the followup hit.
Explosion Dance can use Dance's mobility, along with the Edges
you make with Ka-Boom!, to easily ring out your foes.

Inferno Style

Range: 1-2

At the end of your turn, after your Burning tokens have already
triggered, you gain three Burning tokens.
After an enemy deals damages to you with an Action, you may
give them all of your Burning tokens.

Gain 1 Burning Token: Ignition
Give one Burning token to an enemy within range.
You can only use Ignition once per turn.
The three Burning tokens you gain from Inferno's Ability do not hurt
you the turn you gain them.
Like all Token Actions, Ignition can be used during enemy turns.
Inferno Style involves setting yourself on fire to discourage enemies
from attacking you. That's just smart.
Inferno Blaster is a strong choice, turning Ignition from a zero sum
game into a game stacked heavily in your favor.
Inferno Shadow lets you stay within range of your enemies, so you
can keep using Ignition every turn.
Inferno Wild gets extra Action Dice from being on fire.
Inferno Zen will heavily punish enemies who attack you. Be sure to
Challenge someone so they have to.

79

Phoenix Style

Range: 1

Whenever you would take damage from Burning tokens or from
Traps, you heal that much damage instead.

4+: Cleansing Fire
Choose two: Give a Burning token to someone within range;
heal an ally within range; or place a Trap within range.
Phoenix Style pairs well with Inferno Style and Volcanic Style,
preventing their downsides from destroying you. It functions as an
excellent follow-up Style to other Flametongue shenanigans.
Phoenix Vigilance is a powerful self-healing Stance, allowing you to
rapidly get back in the fight.
Phoenix Song and Phoenix Iron provide reliable support, so you
can keep the rest of your team in the fight while your enemies burn.
Phoenix Shadow has the most chances to use Cleansing Fire, can
run away during enemy turns, and use Stunt to place a Trap for you to
stand in and heal up with.

Volcanic Style

Range: 1-3

After you spend Speed tokens on Free Movement, you may place
a Trap into each space you exit.
You do not take damage from entering a space with a Trap.

4+: Pyroclasm
Place three Traps within range. Each Trap placed by this Action
must be adjacent to a Trap obstacle.
The Volcanic Ability lets you move through Traps safely, but
doesn't protect you from damage if you end your turn on one.
Volcanic Style covers the world around you with fire.
Volcanic Shadow is the obvious choice. Moving out of turn lets you
place your Traps reactively, and lets you get out of them if someone tries
to use them against you by pushing you into one.
Volcanic Dance is good for similar reasons, as a stance that gains a
lot of Speed tokens. Throwing enemies through a line of Traps is also
extremely deadly, if they do not have the Armor to take it.
Volcanic Song lets you run and hide while you provide support to
your team, putting a wall of traps between you and your enemies.
Volcanic Iron and Volcanic Reversal are immune to damage from
Traps, thanks to their Armor, so you can place Traps recklessly.

80

Archetype: Gunkata
Gunkata is the ancient combat art of shooting people. Usually with
guns. Ideally in the face. Probably a lot.
Gunkata is a high-damage Archetype that hits its enemies over and
over and over. They embody the idea of death by a thousand cuts, and
they do it all from fairly far away.
Big downside: your Styles have to deal with a minimum range. You
need to be very wary of putting obstacles between you and your targets.
Fog completely shuts you down and Walls make life difficult, but Rubble
and Traps make it harder for your enemies to punish your ranged pokes.
Gunkata is a simple Archetype, but simple doesn't mean weak. Play
to your strengths and punish your enemies' weaknesses, and you'll find
that victory is an easy target.

81

Focused Gunkata
At the start of your turn, push every adjacent enemy one space,
then move one space.
At the end of your turn, deal 1 damage to each enemy within range.

Fused Gunkata
At the end of your turn, deal 1 damage to each enemy within range.

Frantic Gunkata
At the end of this turn, you may move one space, then deal 1
damage to each enemy within range. Then, you may move one space.

Akimbo Style

Range: 3-5

After you deal damage to someone, you move one space.

4+: Firing Wild
Choose one: Deal 1 damage to every enemy and ally adjacent
to you; or deal 1 damage to every enemy and ally within range.
Akimbo's Ability does not give you a choice - if you deal damage,
you must move one space. Firing Wild makes you move one space per
enemy or ally damaged by it.
Count up all the damage dealt before you move anywhere. Each
space of movement is separate, so you may move back and forth over
and over if you don't want to leave your spot.
Akimbo One-Two doubles the damage of Firing Wild, and makes
each of your Damage Actions move you one additional space.
Akimbo Control can either have a large Range of 3-8, letting you hit
everyone on the map, or close off your weakness to close range combat
by making your Range 1-5.
Akimbo Reversal takes advantage of Akimbo's Ability to give you
mid-turn movement after your damage-dealing Actions, letting you
escape from enemies mid-combo.

82

Artillery Style

Range: 3-8

You can see and target enemies through Fog and Walls.

1+ or 6+: Bombardment
Place a Trap into a space within range.
6+: Place a Trap into each space adjacent to the first Trap.
Do not place these Traps over Edges or Walls.
Artillery Style bombards your enemies with an endless rain of fire.
Artillery Control can either have a massive Range of 3-11, letting
you hit everyone on the map, or close off your weakness to close range
combat by making your Range 1-8.
Artillery Power can Crush enemies at long range.
Artillery Blaster can Bombard two spaces at once.
Artillery Shadow can fill the field with Fog for you to hide behind,
while keeping your long range advantage anyway.
Artillery Zen can guarantee a 6+ Bombardment every turn.

Crosshair Style

Range: 4-8

You ignore Armor and Shields when dealing damage.
Weakness tokens you hold and Iron tokens your enemies hold do
not reduce the damage you deal.

1+: Take Aim
Your next Action this turn has its cost and every number listed
in its description increased by 1.
Take Aim is especially powerful with Choice Actions and Tiered
Actions, as it gives you much more from those Actions than normal.
Crosshair Style keeps your enemies in your sights, ignoring their
defenses and hitting them where it hurts, as long as you can keep away.
Crosshair Blaster can use Take Aim to improve Amplify, then
Amplify a Damage Action to have 4-12 Range and 6 total targets.
Crosshair One-Two and Crosshair Power take advantage of the
Crosshair Ability to ignore enemy defenses by dealing high damage.
Crosshair Control can Take Aim to gain twice as many Control
Tokens from Suppression, while also removing your weakness to close
range combat by making your Range 1-8.
Crosshair Iron, Crosshair Song, and Crosshair Vigilance take
advantage of Take Aim's wording to pick extra choices or hand out
multiple extra tokens with their various Unique Actions.

83

Ricochet Style

Range: 2-4

After you deal damage to an enemy with an Action, you may deal
1 damage to a different enemy within 3 spaces of them.

3+: Trick Shot
Choose one obstacle within range.
Deal 2 damage to an enemy within 3 spaces of that obstacle.
Both the Ricochet Ability and Trick Shot draw line of sight from the
enemy that triggers the Ricochet, or the obstacle you chose with Trick
Shot, instead of drawing from you.
Trick Shot can shoot through Walls and Fog. If you choose a Wall or
Fog as the targeted obstacle, any enemy within 3 spaces of the Wall or
Fog is a legal target, even if you couldn't hit them normally.
Ricochet Style spreads your damage around rapidly, letting you poke
enemies around corners and soften up many enemies at once.
Ricochet One-Two is the most machine-gun Stance in the game,
hitting your enemies two extra times with each attack you make.
Ricochet Wild and Ricochet Shadow take advantage of Ricochet's
Ability with their many many Action Dice, and especially with Fury.
Ricochet Blaster can trigger multiple Ricochets per Action, since
Ricochet triggers once for each enemy damaged by each Action you
perform. This makes your Shockwaves especially dangerous.

Ten Thousand Style
Add

Range: 2-3

to your Action Dice.

2+: Point Blank Shot
Deal 1 damage to an adjacent enemy. Then, push them 1 space.
Ten Thousand Style lets you do just a little bit more with any Form,
making it a universally solid Style.
Ten Thousand Power can use the extra dice to get into position, or
to use more Point Blank Shots with all your Power Tokens.
Ten Thousand Blaster, Ten Thousand One-Two, and Ten
Thousand Dance all gain bonuses with certain kinds of Actions, so
having more Actions each turn lets you gain those bonuses more often.
Ten Thousand Shadow gets an unparalleled eight Action Dice.
Ten Thousand Vigilance and Ten Thousand Song are the only
Forms with 1+ Unique Actions for your extra dice to use.

84

Archetype: Phantom
Phantoms are strange and unusual. They use their paranormal
powers to fight their battles for them. Invisible barriers, telekinesis,
teleportation, flight - you have all sorts of strange tricks that are tough for
many enemies to handle.
Phantom is a flexible Archetype that can adapt to anything. Your
universal access to your Unique Actions means that when choosing
your Stance, you can focus on switching to the Abilities you need.
Phantoms are flexible, but lack power. You need to rely on your
team to actually defeat most foes, as the Phantom's Styles don't have
any damage dealing Abilities or Unique Actions.
Phantoms have an answer to every problem, and can control the
battlefield as you see fit. Edges are your friend, and tossing enemies out
of bounds is child's play to a Phantom.

85

Focused Phantom
You have access to all of your Styles' Unique Actions at all times,
no matter what your current Stance is. All of your Unique Actions
have their cost reduced by 1 (to a minimum of 1+ or 2 tokens).
The Phantom's cost reduction Ability applies to all of your Unique
Actions, including your Phantom Style Unique Actions.
For example, Iron Form's Protect only requires a 5+, and Aura
Style's Shields Up only costs 2 Basic tokens.
This Ability has a minimum, so One-Two Form's Slide In doesn't
become a 0+ Action, and Wild Form's Fury still costs 2 Basic tokens.

Fused Phantom
Your Unique Actions have their cost reduced by 1 (to a minimum
of 1+ or 2 tokens).

Frantic Phantom
You have access to all of your Unique Actions this turn, no
matter what your current Style and Form are.
Your Unique Actions have their cost reduced by 1 (to a minimum
of 1+ or 2 tokens) during this turn.

Aura Style

Range: 1-3

At the start of your turn, you gain a 3 point Shield.
When an enemy within range damages or breaks a Shield, you
may move that enemy one space.
After a Shield within range breaks, you gain 1 Iron token.

3 Basic Tokens: Shields Up
An ally within range gains a 3 point Shield.
You always count as an ally within range of your own Actions, so
Shields Up can give yourself a Shield.
Aura Style is a shield-based support Style that punishes enemies
who try to attack your team.
Aura Zen lets you stack Shields, making it ideal for Aura's benefits.
Aura Song and Aura Iron are both support-based Stances that can
generate the tokens you need to use Shields Up.
Aura Dance and Aura Shadow can generate many Speed Tokens
to spend on Shields Up.

86

Crying Style

Range: 1-4

At the start of your turn, give one Weakness token to all enemies
within range.
At the end of your turn, Challenge an enemy within range and give
them one Weakness token.

6+: Banshee's Wail
All enemies within range gain a Weakness token.
All Traps and Walls within range become Rubble.
Crying Style weakens all of your enemies at once.
Crying Control has Range: 1-7, making the Crying Ability and
Banshee's Wail extra effective.
Crying Blaster also increases your range, and adds some offensive
power to the Phantom by giving you access to large Shockwaves.
Crying Vigilance doubles up on the Weakness-granting Abilities
and Actions, allowing you to significantly hamper dangerous enemies.
Crying Zen guarantees you'll have a Banshee's Wail each turn.

Puppet's Style

Range: 1-5

You may use Speed tokens to move any ally, enemy, or obstacle
within range, using the normal Free Movement rules.
Walls and Traps you move with this Ability become Rubble.
Edges cannot be moved with this Ability.

3+ or 5+: Pull The Strings
Choose an enemy or ally you can see. Move them 3 spaces.
5+: Choose an enemy or ally you can see. Move them 3 spaces.
Puppet's Style can re-arrange the battlefield however you see fit.
Puppet's Dance is the obvious Stance, letting you turn Throws and
Grapples into Speed Tokens that can move anything within range.
Puppet's Control gives you more Range, letting you puppeteer from
farther away, and control your enemy's Actions, too.
Puppet's Shadow and Puppet's Reversal keep your Speed tokens
between turns, letting you manipulate your enemies throughout the round.
But remember, if it is not your turn, you can only use Free Movement at
the start or end of the turn. If you move an enemy over an Edge at the start
of their turn, they can use Basic Movement Actions to save themselves.

87

Spirit Style

Range: 1-3

Edges cannot remove your Copies from play. You and your
Copies can move over Walls as though they were empty space.
After you use Free Movement on yourself or your Copy, you may
move any number of your Copies one space.

1+ or 3+ or 5+: Now You See Me…
Place a Copy into an empty space within range.
3+: Place a Copy into an empty space within range.
5+: Place a Copy into an empty space within range.

Destroy 1 Copy: …Now You Don't
…Now You Don't is a Token Action, but the Cost is one of your Copies.

Teleport into the space of the destroyed Copy.

Spirit Style is a defensive style, letting your move freely while hiding
yourself behind a wall of Copies.
Spirit Shadow is one of the slipperiest Stances in the game, turning
both Speed tokens and Copies into escape mechanisms in the middle of
enemy turns, and Stunt can make even more Copies to escape with.
Spirit Dance can cover the battlefield with dancing partners to trigger
the Dance Ability with, letting you manipulate the battlefield at will.
Spirit Iron and Spirit Power can use …Now You Don't to get around
their mobility penalty.

Vortex Style

Range: 1-3

Edges cannot remove you from play. When you stand on an Edge,
every other Edge counts as an adjacent space you can move to.

4+: Black Hole
Place an Edge into an empty space within range.
The Vortex Ability only counts for movement, not Range. You
cannot stand over any Edge and attack any enemy within Range 1-2 of
every other Edge. You must move to them.
Vortex Style opens portals you can use to your advantage, both
for mobility and to remove your enemies from play.
Vortex Dance, Vortex Shadow, and Vortex Reversal give you
the speed to consistently take advantage of your portals.
Vortex One-Two, Vortex Power, and Vortex Fury can use your
portals to surprise your foes, suddenly attacking from out of nowhere.

88

Archetype: Punk
Punks are all about tearing down the world. They need to make their
mark, stand by their convictions, and rebel against the system. You've got
guts, and you're not afraid to show 'em. The more the Punk gets beaten
down, the harder they rise up and hit back.
The Punk is a tanking Archetype. You want to take hits, because the
more you bleed, the stronger you hit back on the rebound. The Punk
knows that if you outlast your enemy, you win.
The Punk's greatest weakness is biting off more than they can chew.
Their Styles and Abilities encourage going aggro, and punishing any
enemies who take the bait. But if you aren't careful, you'll wind up hurt.
Bait doesn’t live a long life.
If you can take the heat, though, nobody hits back like a Punk. Once
they give you a reason, nothing will hold you back.

89

Focused Punk
At the start of your turn, add X to your Action Pool.
X is equal to twice the damage on your current health bar.
If your health bar is full, X = 1.

Fused Punk
At the start of your turn, add X to your Action Pool.
X is equal to the damage on your current health bar.
If your health bar is full, X = 1.

Frantic Punk
At the start of this turn, add X to your Action Pool.
X is equal to twice the damage on your current health bar.
If your health bar is full, X = 1.
For example, if your Health Bar has 12 HP, and you currently have
7 HP, you have 5 damage. The Focused and Frantic Punks will add
a 10 to their Action Pool, while the Fused Punk will add a 5.

Bleeding Style

Range: 1

You don't get Taken Out at zero HP. You can continue to fight as
long as you remain in play. Your side still loses if everyone in play is
at zero HP at the same time.

2 HP: Lash Out
Lash Out is a Token Action that spends your HP.
You can't spend HP you do not have.

Push an adjacent enemy two spaces.

12+: I'm Still Here
Deal 7 damage to an enemy within range.
Then, push that enemy 7 spaces.
I'm Still Here is nearly impossible to trigger without the Punk Ability.
Switch to Bleeding Style after you get Taken Out and you can guarantee
I'm Still Here will do some damage.
Bleeding Style is tenacity made form, and will never surrender.
Bleeding Wild is a good desperation Stance, as switching to it while
you are Taken Out triggers two of Wild's bonus dice.
Bleeding Blaster can make I'm Still Here hit multiple enemies.
Bleeding Song can heal your allies even if you die.

90

Brawling Style

Range: 1

After your Shield breaks, you gain 1 Power token.
After you deal damage, if you didn't spend a Power token on that
hit, you gain 1 Power token.

2 Power Tokens: Tough It Out
You gain a 2 point Shield.
Brawling Style can keep up with the most vicious of foes, building up
power and then spending it on defense or damage as you need it.
Brawling One-Two builds up Power tokens very quickly, letting you
spend them on Power Form's Crush or Wild Form's Fury later.
Brawling Zen can rebuild its Shields as they break. While inactive
Shields don't normally become active until the end of the turn, you can use
Tough It Out after your active Shield breaks to immediately have a new
active Shield.
Brawling Wild can unleash devastating Fury. As long as you don't
spend a Power token to use Fury, you'll get a Power token back, letting
your Iron and Speed tokens effectively buy Fury at half price.

Flashy Style

Range: 1

After you roll your Action Dice, you may combine two of your
numbers into a single, larger number.

X: Show Off
Choose two of these Basic Actions: Movement, Damage,
A Challenger Approaches, Put It Out!, or Throw.
Perform both of those Actions as if you had spent X on them.
You can only use Show Off once per turn.
The Flashy Ability combines two numbers into one, effectively
removing one from your Action Pool. For example, if you combine a 3
and a 4, you gain a 7, but lose both the 3 and the 4.
Flashy Style is all about doing more with less. It favors Forms with
many dice to add together with the Flashy Ability.
Flashy Reversal loves Show Off. The once per turn limit is not a
drawback when paired with Reversal's Ability.
Flashy Shadow and Flashy Wild have many Action Dice for you to
combine with the Flashy Ability.
Flashy Power is the most statistically likely Stance in the game to get
a 9+ Crush whenever you need it.
Flashy Dance can use the Flashy Ability for an incredible Throw.

91

Knockdown Style

Range: 1

After you take damage from an enemy, you deal 1 damage back to
them.

4+: Take It On The Chin
Each enemy within range deals 1 damage to you.
Then, you deal 3 damage to one of them.
If you use Armor or Iron Tokens to reduce the damage you take to
zero, the Knockdown Ability does not trigger. If an enemy hits you twice
with One-Two's Ability, Knockdown's Ability will also hit them twice.
Knockdown Style loves a good fight, and gives it out as good as it
gets. Enemies who rely on hitting you multiple times will regret it.
Knockdown Zen does some very silly things. If you Take It On The
Chin while you have a Shield up, you will deal 2 damage to every enemy
within range, until your Shield breaks.
Knockdown Blaster and Knockdown Control increase your range,
making Take It On The Chin more dangerous.

Taunting Style

Range: 1

After you take damage, you gain 1 Iron token.
After you take damage from an enemy with your Challenge, you
may move one space.

1+: Is That All You Got?
Challenge an enemy you can see. You gain 1 Iron token.

X: Not Good Enough
Give X - 2 Weakness tokens to an enemy with your Challenge.
Then, they discard your Challenge.
Not Good Enough gives out two less Weakness tokens than the
number you spent on it. For example, if you spend a 9 to use Not Good
Enough, you give them seven Weakness tokens. Spending a 1 or a 2
will give them zero Weakness tokens.
Taunting Style is a big distraction, letting you Challenge your
enemies while keeping enough Iron tokens to survive anything.
Taunting Iron and Taunting Vigilance pair their Iron/Weakness
token affinity with Taunting Style's use of both.
Taunting Reversal and Taunting Shadow can move out of turn,
making you even harder to pin down.

92

Archetype: Teacher
Your age only holds you back a little
bit. You're strong, but not as strong as
you used to be, and your lessons hit
harder than your fist nowadays. But if
they listen to their Teacher, they can do
anything.
The Teacher is a support based
Archetype that donates Action Dice to
the rest of their team. You don't have
much power yourself, although Elder
Style lets you draw on the strength you
once had. Your real strength is in how
much more you let your team
accomplish.
The Teacher is a force multiplier,
improving the output of everyone around
them. But being a force multiplier has
two fatal flaws. If you go down, all your
bonuses go with you. But on the other
hand, if you're the last one standing, you
have no one to give any bonuses to!
To prevent either of these from
happening, the Teacher favors a
defensive play style. As long as you're
still standing to show them the ropes,
your team's power will be unparalleled.

93

Focused Teacher
At the end of your turn, you gain two Inspired tokens.

Fused Teacher
At the end of your turn, you gain an Inspired token.

Frantic Teacher
At the end of this turn, you gain two Inspired tokens.
Inspired Token: This token is only used by the Teacher.
During an ally's turn, you may spend one Inspired token to roll
and add that number to their Action Pool.

Patient Style

Range: 1

At the end of your turn, your Speed tokens become Iron tokens.
You may only take one Action per turn.
Your Action Pool does not empty between Turns or Rounds.

X: Waiting Game
Add X+1 to your Action Pool. Then, you may move one space.
You can only use Waiting Game during enemy turns.
Waiting Game gives you a number one higher than the number you
spent to use Waiting Game.
Patient Style likes to wait. While Reversal Form holds your
numbers to interrupt your enemies' turns, Patient Style holds them to
make your next turn ridiculous, using two turns' worth of numbers all at
once, while tailoring your numbers to the Actions you want to use.
Patient Reversal Stance may use two Actions per turn, one from
the Patient Ability and one from the Reversal Ability. As a result, this
Stance can use Waiting Game twice as often as other Patient Stances.
Patient Song and Patient Dance can gain a lot of Speed tokens,
giving you a lot of Iron tokens while you wait to build up a big turn next.
If you want to add a lot of little numbers to your next turn, you want to
use Patient Shadow or Patient Wild.
If you want to add some big numbers to your next turn, you want to
use Patient Control or Patient Power.

94

Elder Style

Range: 1-2

The cost of this Stance's Unique Actions are reduced by 1 (to a
minimum of 1+ or 2 tokens).
Once per turn, during your turn, you may use any Unique Action
you know, from among all of your Stances, for free. It does not cost
any tokens or numbers to use. If your free Action is a Tiered Action,
you perform it as if you spent a 7.
Elder Style is a strange beast. It pairs well with any Form, but it also
pairs with every other Form and Style you have, due to its Ability.
Elder Style likes Forms with good Unique Actions it can use for free.
Some of the best are Blaster Form's Amplify, Iron Form's Protect,
Power Form's Crush, and Song Form's Sing Along.
You do not need to pair Elder Style with these Forms to use these
Actions. You just need to have these Forms among your Stances.
Elder Shadow only needs 2 Speed tokens to use Stunt, letting you
teleport all over while leaving obstacles everywhere. An Amplified Stunt
will place four obstacles into adjacent spaces.
Elder Reversal is so ineffective I have to warn against it. Elder's cost
reduction does nothing for Counter Attack, and the Elder Ability to use a
surprise Unique Action once during your turn is heavily limited by the
Reversal Ability's once per turn Action limit.

Mastermind Style

Range: No

You cannot perform Actions. Instead, you spend your numbers
on your allies, making them perform Actions for you.
Each Action you take uses an ally's current location, range, and
Stance bonuses as if they'd taken that Action themselves. You can
only give Actions to allies you can see.
After each Action an ally performs during your turn, you may
move 1 space.
Mastermind Style directs your allies, deciding what they do for them.
Be wary of Mastermind One-Two, Mastermind Power, and
Mastermind Zen. Their Abilities do nothing when you can't take Actions.
Mastermind Vigilance can do its job much easier when you can
make your allies Weaken enemies themselves, without putting yourself in
harm's way.
Mastermind Reversal can donate Actions to your allies exactly
when they need them most, making a full-team Reversal Form.
Mastermind Iron has Armor and a downside that doesn't matter if
you don't need to go anywhere.

95

Motivating Style

Range: 1-2

At the end of your turn, allies within range heal, and you gain an
Inspired token.

4+: You Can Do It!
Choose an ally within range. They choose two: They heal; they
move two spaces; they gain a copy of a token they hold; or they
discard one token they hold.
The Inspired token you gain from the Motivating Ability is the same
as the one used for the Teacher Ability.
Motivating Style is a support based style, and lets you fill the role of
the Cavalry, encouraging you to group up with your team mates.
Motivating Dance and Motivating Shadow can easily put you in
position to use You Can Do It! and the Motivating Ability.
Motivating Iron doubles up on your defenses and support options.

Training Style

Range: 1

At the end of your turn, give an ally one Training token.
Training Token: Before performing an Action, you may spend a Training
token to increase all numbers listed in that Action by 1, including its cost.
You may only spend 1 Training token per turn.

3+: Watch Closely
You gain one Training Token. If you spend it before the end of
this turn, give one Training Token to an ally.
When you use a Training Token, pay close attention to the wording of
the modified Action. Actions that say "target one enemy" will now say
"target two enemies," while Actions that say "an enemy" or "an ally" will
still have only one target.
For example, the basic Damage Action deals damage to two targets,
and deals one more damage to both of them. The basic Grapple or
Throw Actions, however, are unchanged by Training Tokens.
Training Style is a balanced Style that does not lean in any
particular direction. Its primary benefit, the Training Tokens, are best
used with one Watch Closely per turn, so any Form with four or more
Action Dice makes a good pair with Training Style.

96

Archetype: Trickster
Everyone loves a good trick, unless the trick was played on them.
Tricksters revel in confusion, changing the rules as they go. As long as
you can stay one step ahead, nobody can handle you.
Tricksters are a zoning Archetype, keeping enemies close or
pushing them away as needed. You stay out of reach while keeping your
enemies within your own. As long as your enemies can never catch you,
you cannot lose.
Tricksters are extremely powerful when they have everything they
need, but they rely on a lot of things to keep their tricks rolling. Illusion
Style, Mysterious Style, and Hidden Style all rely on certain types of
terrain, and terrain can be cleared away by your enemies. More than any
other Archetype, Tricksters need careful planning so you don't run out
of tricks right when you need them most.
Tricksters are hard to pin down, hard to fight reliably, and hard to
deal with. You may not deal the most damage, but you'll give your
enemies hell trying to keep up with everything you've got going on.
Nothing is easy when you're fighting a Trickster.

97

Focused Trickster
You may spend any tokens you hold as if they were Iron tokens.
When you spend Iron tokens to reduce the damage you take, push
your attacker 1 space, then you may move 1 space.

Fused Trickster
You may spend any Basic Tokens you hold as Iron tokens.
When you spend Iron tokens to reduce the damage you take, you
may move 1 space.

Frantic Trickster
Until your next turn, you may spend any tokens you hold as if they
were Iron tokens.
When you spend Iron tokens to reduce the damage you take, push
your attacker 1 space, then you may move 1 space.

Caged Style

Range: 1

Adjacent enemies cannot gain or spend Speed tokens.

2+: Welcome To My Maze
Deal 1 damage to one enemy outside of your Range.
Then, pull them three spaces.
Caged Style traps your enemies until you're ready to let them go.
Caged Zen forces your enemies to stay with you, giving them no
choice but to eat counter-attack damage from the Zen Ability.
Caged Iron and Caged Reversal make good use of their Armor, so
you can survive caging any enemy you want.
Caged Vigilance can use Welcome To My Maze to guarantee an
enemy is within range for the Vigilance Ability.
Caged Blaster is a suicidal strategy - you can pull every enemy to
you, and force them to Take You Out if they want to escape your Ability. If
your team has a strategy that requires every enemy to be in one spot,
Caged Blaster can guarantee they will be.

98

Mysterious Style

Range: 1-2

At the start of your turn, place a Fog obstacle into your space.
While you stand in Fog, your maximum range is doubled.

3 Speed or Iron Tokens: Ghost Walk
Place a Fog obstacle into an empty space within range.
Then, teleport to a Fog obstacle within range.
The Mysterious Ability replaces an obstacle in your space with Fog.
You can pay for Ghost Walk with any quantity of each token, as long
as you spend a total of 3 tokens. 3 Speed, 2 Speed and 1 Iron, 2 Iron and
1 Speed, and 3 Iron tokens are all legal costs to pay for Ghost Walk.
Mysterious Style strikes from hiding, using Fog to be untouchable.
Mysterious Control increases your range, letting you attack, control,
and Ghost Walk across the whole map.
Mysterious Blaster also increases your range, while also letting
Ghost Walk place additional Fog and giving you access to Shockwave.
While standing in Fog, an Amplified Shockwave has Range: 1-10.
Mysterious Shadow and Mysterious Reversal keep their Speed
tokens between turns, letting you Ghost Walk to escape harm.
Mysterious Iron can Ghost Walk to make up for Iron Form's lack of
maneuverability, while also gaining Iron tokens for Trickster Abilities.

Illusion Style

Range: 1-3

After an enemy deals damage to you while within range of at least
one of your Copies, you deal 1 damage to them. If they are within
range of three or more Copies, you deal 2 damage to them instead.
You may spend your Copies as Iron tokens.

3+ or 6+: Where Are You Looking?
Place 2 Copies into empty spaces within range.
6+: Place 2 more Copies into empty spaces within range.
Illusion Style punishes enemies who try to hurt you without clearing
out your Copies. Once you set up, it takes a lot of effort to set you back.
Illusion Control and Illusion Blaster have increased Range,
making your Copies more dangerous. Illusion Blaster also places extra
Copies with Where Are You Looking?
Illusion Shadow can place additional Copies using Stunt in the
middle of the enemy's turn, for a sudden surprise.
Illusion Zen increases the punishment for attacking you.

99

Hidden Style

Range: 1-3

You may move through Walls as though they were empty spaces.
You can see and target enemies through Walls.

3 Iron tokens: Sudden Strike
Deal 2 damage to an enemy within range.
The Hidden Ability lets you stand in Walls. A Wall you are standing in
does not block line of sight to you.
Hidden Style is a defense oriented Style, but is generically useful
with any Form you want to pair it with.
Hidden Iron and Hidden Song have the Iron tokens you need for
Sudden Strike.
Hidden Reversal and Hidden Shadow can escape from enemies by
going through the walls.

Whip Style

Range: 2-5

Your Throw Actions target one person within range.
When you Throw or Grapple an enemy, they take 2 damage.

5+: Grapple Hook
Teleport to any empty space within range.
The Whip Ability prevents you from Throwing adjacent enemies.
Whip Style is a zoning Style, staying out of enemy range and
keeping your enemies from getting close.
Whip Dance adds a lot of value to your Throws and Grapples, to the
point that every Action you take in this Stance should be a Throw, a
Grapple, or Try And Keep Up.
Whip Reversal is incredibly good at interrupting enemy combos. You
can Throw your enemies away from your allies, or Grapple Hook yourself
away if they come after you.
The Whip Ability gets around Shadow Form's low, inconsistent
damage output. When even the 1's in your pool deal 2 damage, Whip
Shadow can deal 12 damage every single turn, divided up in 2 damage
packages however you see fit. The only requirement is keeping your
enemies within range as you ping pong them back and forth, and
Shadow's free Speed tokens help you maintain that distance.

100

Archetype: Underdog
You're just a regular kid, and you're in way over your head. Or you
would be, if being an ordinary underdog didn't make you the most
dangerous person in the room at all times.
The Underdog is an all-around balanced Archetype, focused on
keeping your enemies under control. Its Styles have a lot of flexibility,
and most of their Actions are Choice Actions, allowing you to respond
to any kind of situation with some kind of answer.
The Underdog is all about getting back up again. The longer a battle
goes, the more it favors the Underdog, as they turn pain into power. But
unlike the Punk, who turns damage into powerful high-cost Actions, the
Underdog turns damage into basic tokens they can spend, so they
require careful thinking and tenacity to make the most out of their bonus.
The Underdog is a middle ground between the controlling Angel, the
tanking Punk, and the combo-heavy Cyborg. But you can leave it to an
Underdog to patch together a solution to every situation.

101

Focused Underdog
At the start of your turn, you gain one Basic token of your choice.
After you take damage, you gain one Basic token of your choice.

Fused Underdog
At the start of your turn, you gain one Basic token of your choice.
After you take damage, you gain one Basic token of your choice.
You cannot choose a Basic token you are already holding.

Frantic Underdog
At the start of this turn, you gain one Basic token of your choice.
Until your next turn, after you take damage, you gain one Basic
token of your choice.
The Basic tokens are Iron, Power, and Speed tokens.
Fused Underdogs holding all three Basic Tokens may spend their
Iron Tokens before taking damage. Doing this will let them regain an Iron
token from taking damage, if they no longer have any.
Fused Underdogs may choose any Basic Token at the start of their
turn, even if it is one they already hold.

Collateral Style

Range: 1-2

After you destroy an obstacle, you gain one Basic token of your
choice.

3+: Roughhousing
Destroy an obstacle within range, then choose one: Teleport to
that obstacle's space; deal 1 damage to each enemy adjacent to
the destroyed obstacle; or destroy another obstacle within range.
You can spend 2 Basic Tokens to choose a second option from
the list, or 3 Basic Tokens to choose all three.
Collateral Style tears the arena apart. If your enemies were relying
on walls and traps to protect themselves, Collateral will put a stop to that.
Collateral Blaster is interesting, because extra targets give
Roughhousing some unique properties. If you choose "Deal 1 damage
to each enemy adjacent to the destroyed obstacle," and destroyed four
obstacles, you'll deal 1 damage to each enemy adjacent to any of those
obstacles!
Collateral Control increases your range, making Roughhousing's
teleport choice more useful.

102

Distracting Style

Range: 1-2

After an enemy deals damage to you, if they have no Weakness
tokens, give that enemy one Weakness token.

1+ or 2 Basic Tokens: Flare
Flare can be used as either a Simple or Token Action.
Move one space, then give one Weakness token to one enemy
within range.
Distracting Style makes you the perfect distraction. Hard to catch
and hard to hit, you can outlast all but the most aggressive assaults. Be
sure to Challenge your enemies, so the distraction works!
Distracting Shadow is an incredibly elusive Stance, able to move
constantly with Flares and Stunts during your enemies' turns.
Distracting Iron and Distracting Zen let you survive the attention,
giving your Armor or Shields to block some damage.
Distracting Reversal is the halfway point between Iron and Shadow,
giving you the reactions of Shadow and the Armor of Iron.
Distracting Vigilance is a solid recovery Stance. Rather than
Challenge your enemies and force them to take Weakness tokens, this
Stance uses its Ability as a threat, a way to punish attackers who come
after you while you try to heal.

Eye of the Style

Range: 1

At the start of your turn, you gain a Bonus of your choice.

3+: Thrill of the Fight
Target an adjacent enemy, then choose one: Challenge them;
you deal 2 damage to them; or give them 2 Burning tokens.
You can spend 2 Basic Tokens to choose a second option from
the list, or 3 Basic Tokens to choose all three.
The Bonuses are on page 20.
Eye of the Style is a versatile Style that gives you exactly what you
need right when you need it. It pairs well with any Form you wish to use.
Eye of the Shadow can use the Freedom Bonus to gain even more
Speed tokens, letting you Stunt with impunity.
Eye of the Wild can use Freedom or Power Up to build up your Fury.

103

Lucky Style

Range: 1

You have Armor.
Add

to your Action Dice.

3+: Just What I Needed
Choose one: You gain 2 Basic tokens; you teleport two or three
spaces; or you heal.
You can spend 2 Basic Token to choose a second option from
the list, or 3 Basic Tokens to choose all three.
Lucky Style is basic, but extremely solid, granting you both Armor
and an extra Action each turn. It combines well with any Form, but Armor
doesn't stack, so don't pair it with Reversal or Iron Form.
Lucky One-Two, Lucky Song, and Lucky Vigilance make best use
out of Lucky Style's bonus die, as these Forms each have very cheap
Actions they want to perform as often as possible.
Lucky Blaster has two solid 3+ Actions, so half of the time Lucky
Style's bonus die will give this Stance a free Amplify or Shockwave.

Misfortune's Style

Range: 1-3

When you would take damage from a Trap, deal that damage to
an enemy within range instead. If no enemies are within range, gain
one Power token instead.

1+ or 3 Basic Tokens: Bad Luck
Bad Luck can be used as either a Simple or Token Action.
Place a Trap into a space within range.
Misfortune's Style turns your bad luck around, filling the terrain with
Traps while becoming immune to them yourself.
Misfortune's Shadow lets you keep your enemies close, while also
giving you Stunt as another means of placing Traps.
Misfortune's Zen combines both Abilities to pile on the 1 damage
reactions. Death by a thousand cuts.
Misfortune's Control increases your range, making Bad Luck even
easier to spread around. In addition, Control Tokens extend your ability to
share misfortune and stop your enemies from doing as they please.

104

Archetype: Wardancer
You have mastered the art of combat. And to you, art is exactly what
it is: temporary, ever-changing, always improving, never perfect. You fight
to perform, and you will put on a better show than anybody.
The Wardancer is an aggressive Archetype, focused on high
damage dealing and mobility. Wardancer Styles are hyper-focused on
specific kinds of aggression, giving you exactly the hammer you need to
pound down any nail.
Mechanically, the Wardancer has the highest numbers. All of their
Unique Actions are Tiered Actions, and they get stronger when you
spend larger numbers to use them. Their Ability increases their numbers
after they roll, but they still favor Forms with large dice to begin with:
Control, Dance, Power, Wild, and Zen Forms especially.
The Wardancer is a very simple fighter to play. But simple doesn't
mean weak, as they are unrivaled in raw power and speed.

105

Focused Wardancer
After rolling your Action Dice, either increase all of your numbers
by 1, or increase one of your numbers by 4.

Fused Wardancer
After rolling your Action Dice, increase two of your numbers by 2.

Frantic Wardancer
After rolling your Action Dice this turn, either increase all of your
numbers by 1, or increase one of your numbers by 4.

Forbidden Style

Range: 1-2

At the start of your turn, you take 2 damage. This damage cannot
drop you below 1 HP on your current Health Bar.
This Style is attached to two Forms. You have the Abilities and
Unique Actions from each Form. Do not use the Action Dice listed
in those Forms. This Stance's Action Dice are determined by
combining the results of the following chart:
Blaster:

Reversal:

Control:

Shadow:

Dance:
Iron:

Song:
Vigilance:

One-Two:

Wild:

Power:

Zen:

Forbidden Style lets you combine two Forms into a single Stance.
This makes it the most open-ended Style in the game.
You only get one Skill from a Forbidden Stance. You can choose
which Form you take that Skill from.
If you want damage, Forbidden Power Blaster or Forbidden
Blaster One-Two double down on damage increasing Abilities.
Combining Shadow or Dance with any other Form makes that Form
highly mobile, so Iron, Power, Wild, and Zen appreciate these pairs.
If you want maximum defense, combine Iron, Reversal, Vigilance,
and Zen Forms in any way you please.
Forbidden One-Two Wild turns every 2 Basic tokens you hold into 2
damage. Spend everything on Movement, and destroy them with
One-Two Fury.

106

Lightning Style

Range: 1

After you deal damage, you gain 1 Speed token.

2+ or 5+ or 8+: Deadly Dance
Teleport 2 spaces. Deal 1 damage to an enemy within range.
5+: Teleport 2 spaces. Deal 2 damage to an enemy within range.
8+: Teleport 2 spaces. Deal 2 damage to an enemy within range.
Lightning Style is fast. Real fast. So fast you can't see it coming.
Lightning One-Two makes great use of Whirlwind and Deadly
Dance with the Lightning Ability, giving you tons of Speed tokens while
you hit multiple times per Action.
Lightning Shadow and Lightning Dance are obvious Stances, as
they can put those extra Speed tokens to use on their Unique Actions.
Lightning Wild is a monstrous Stance that refunds half of your Fury,
letting you keep the chain going 50% longer than normal.
With the Wardancer Ability, Lightning Zen can perform an 8+
Deadly Dance and a 5+ Deadly Dance every single turn.

Overwhelming Style

Range: 1

You ignore Armor when dealing damage.
When an enemy hits you with an Action, you may spend a Power
token to deal 1 damage to them and push them 1 space.

4+ or 8+: Power Strike
Deal 2 damage to an enemy within range.
You gain 2 Power tokens.
8+: Deal 4 damage and gain 4 Power tokens instead.
Overwhelming Style can break through the mightiest defenses,
leaving your enemies reeling from your mere presence.
Overwhelming Power is the obvious choice, letting you immediately
spend as many of those Power tokens as possible on damage.
Overwhelming Blaster, Wild, and One-Two each appreciate the
Overwhelming Ability to ignore Armor, for Shockwave, Fury, and the
One-Two Ability.
With the Wardancer Ability, Overwhelming Zen can perform an 8+
Power Strike and two 4+ Power Strikes every single turn.

107

Relentless Style

Range: 1

When you deal damage to an enemy, immediately push them one
space and then move into the empty space they left.
If you damage multiple enemies at the same time, push all of them
one space, then move into one of the empty spaces they left.

3+ or 5+ or 7+: Rush Down
Deal 1 damage to an enemy within range.
Then, deal 1 damage to an enemy within range.
5+: Then, deal 1 damage to an enemy within range.
7+: Then, deal 1 damage to an enemy within range.
The Relentless Ability requires you to move into their space if you
can, even if you do not want to. If they are standing in a full space (such as
a Wall) due to an Ability, you do not move into that space.
Relentless Style lets you smash your foes across the battlefield.
Relentless One-Two and Relentless Blaster hit additional times, so
you can move farther and push farther.
Relentless Blaster and Relentless Control have additional range,
so you don't accidentally send opponent's flying out of your reach.
Relentless Zen can Rush Down very efficiently, as their numbers
perfectly line up with Rush Down's cost.

Weightless Style

Range: 1

All spaces are Empty spaces to you.
Edges cannot remove you from play.
Rubble does not make you discard Speed tokens.
Traps deal no damage to you.

4+ or 7+: Effortless
Teleport to any space you can see.
7+: Choose an ally. They may teleport to any space they can see.
Weightless Style ignores trouble in a way no other Style can. You
have no way of stopping their tricks, so why not just ignore them?
Weightless Power and Weightless Iron can use Effortless to make
up for their lack of mobility.
Weightless Blaster can re-position your entire team with Effortless.
Weightless Song and Weightless Vigilance are excellent recovery
Stances, able to escape any trap or foe.

108

Archetype: Winterblossom
Your style is calm, controlled, precise, and icy. A Winterblossom's
fighting style revolves around controlling and weakening your enemies,
reducing them to a helpless mess that cannot hope to fight back.
The Winterblossom is a controlling Archetype that shuts down your
foes, similar to the Angel. But while the Angel buffs herself into being
untouchable, the Winterblossom weakens her foes into uselessness,
before destroying them with a well-timed power blow.
The Winterblossom has no problems against other defensive and
controlling foes, winning the war of attrition with ease. But aggressive
enemies are a problem, as they can dish out damage faster than you can
stop it. One-Two Form is especially bad for you, as its users can remove
two Weakness tokens per attack.
But if you can pile on the Weakness tokens, your opponents will never
be able to touch you.

109

Focused Winterblossom
At the start of every turn, give 1 Weakness token to one enemy
within range.

Fused Winterblossom
At the start and end of your turn, give 1 Weakness token to one
enemy within range.

Frantic Winterblossom
At the start and end of this turn, give 2 Weakness tokens to one
enemy within range.
Focused Winterblossoms give out a Weakness token at the start of
every turn, not just yours. Each ally's turn, each enemy's turn, if an enemy
is within your range, you may hand them a Weakness token.

Crystal Style

Range: 1-2

When one of your Copies is destroyed, it deals 1 damage to every
enemy adjacent to it.
3+ or 6+: Splinter
Place a Copy of you into any space within range. Then, deal 1
damage to every enemy adjacent to that Copy.
6+: Place a Copy of you into any space within range. Then, deal
1 damage to every enemy adjacent to that Copy.
Free: Shatter
Shatter is a Token Action that costs nothing.

Destroy one of your Copies. Give one Weakness token to an
enemy that was within range of that Copy.
Crystal Style litters the field with bombs for you to detonate at will.
Crystal Blaster lets you place more Copies per Splinter, and give
out Weakness tokens to multiple enemies with Shatter.
Crystal Shadow can use Stunt to place Copies in the middle of
your enemies' turns, surprising them with an instant Shatter.
Crystal Control gives you tons of range, letting you place Copies
from afar and use them as a network for your Control tokens and
Winterblossom Ability.
Crystal Zen can reliably Splinter 2-3 times a turn.

