123

Hero Creation Checklist
Focused Heroes
1: Choose one Archetype. You get its Focused Ability.
2: Create three Stances.
> Each Stance must have one Style and one Form.
> Each Style must be from your Archetype.
> Each Form must be different.
3: Choose a Build.
4: You get three Skills from your Forms.
> You may replace one of your Skills with another one.
5: Create your final Skill by writing a two-word description of your Hero.

Fused Heroes
1: Choose two Archetypes. You get both of their Fused Abilities.
2: Create three Stances.
> Each Stance must have one Style and one Form.
> Each Style must be from one of your two Archetypes.
> You must pick at least one Style from each Archetype.
> Each Form must be different.
3: Choose a Build.
4: You get three Skills from your Forms.
> You may replace one of your Skills with another one.
5: Create your final Skill by writing a two-word description of your Hero.

Frantic Heroes
1: Choose three Styles.
> All three Styles must be from different Archetypes.
2: Choose three Frantic Archetype Abilities.
> At least two of them must match the Archetype of a Style
you chose in step 1.
3: Choose three Forms.
4: Choose a Build.
4: You get three Skills from your Forms.
> You may replace one of your Skills with another one.
6: Create your final Skill by writing a two-word description of your Hero.

124

Hero Building Advice
When making a hero, no matter which kind, you'll want to build your
character with two goals in mind. First is stance diversity, and second is
character focus. These two goals are a bit at odds with each other, but
finding the right balance is important for having a strong, useful, powerful
character.
Stance Diversity refers to taking advantage of the fact that each of your
Stances completely changes how your character functions. You want to be
able to become whatever you need, right now. Frantic Heroes should
emphasis Stance Diversity when picking their abilities, because they have
more flexibility than anyone else mid-combat.
To get the most out of Stance Diversity, each of your Stances should be
good in completely different situations. You'll want to pick three things you
want to do, and make one stance for each: Mobility, Defense, Tank, Damage,
Desperation, or Support.
A mobility stance is useful for getting out of trouble and taking advantage
of positioning. Shadow and Dance Form are the big ones, letting you get
just where you need to throw someone out of bounds.
Defensive stances stop the pain and discourages enemies from hitting
you specifically. Control Form and Iron Form are the main defensive forms.
Tanking stances are similar, but you WANT them to hit you. You want to
Challenge your enemies, then make them attack you instead of your friends.
Zen Form and Reversal Form are best here, but Shadow Form is
frustratingly effective as well, letting you teleport away from enemy attacks
while leaving smoke and traps behind you.
There will always come a time when you need to deal a lot of damage,
right now, and that's what a damage stance is for. Just make a Stance that
hits things, hard. Blaster Form, Power Form and One-Two Form are ideal.
Vigilance Form's start-of-turn heal and Wild Form's everything make
up the core of what a Desperation stance is. This is for a Stance where you
don't care if you go down, as long as you take them all down with you. Any
Stance that gives you some start of turn healing makes a good Desperation
stance, where you just go in, do work, get destroyed, then switch into it to get
back up and keep going.
Support stances are for keeping the team going when things get rough.
Anything that heals, moves, or gives tokens to your allies can create a
potential support stance. Song Form is basically THE support Form, but
Vigilance and Iron dip their toes in here too.

