105

Focused Wardancer
After rolling your Action Dice, either increase all of your numbers
by 1, or increase one of your numbers by 4.

Fused Wardancer
After rolling your Action Dice, increase two of your numbers by 2.

Frantic Wardancer
After rolling your Action Dice this turn, either increase all of your
numbers by 1, or increase one of your numbers by 4.

Forbidden Style

Range: 1-2

At the start of your turn, you take 2 damage. This damage cannot
drop you below 1 HP on your current Health Bar.
This Style is attached to two Forms. You have the Abilities and
Unique Actions from each Form. Do not use the Action Dice listed
in those Forms. This Stance's Action Dice are determined by
combining the results of the following chart:
Blaster:

Reversal:

Control:

Shadow:

Dance:
Iron:

Song:
Vigilance:

One-Two:

Wild:

Power:

Zen:

Forbidden Style lets you combine two Forms into a single Stance.
This makes it the most open-ended Style in the game.
You only get one Skill from a Forbidden Stance. You can choose
which Form you take that Skill from.
If you want damage, Forbidden Power Blaster or Forbidden
Blaster One-Two double down on damage increasing Abilities.
Combining Shadow or Dance with any other Form makes that Form
highly mobile, so Iron, Power, Wild, and Zen appreciate these pairs.
If you want maximum defense, combine Iron, Reversal, Vigilance,
and Zen Forms in any way you please.
Forbidden One-Two Wild turns every 2 Basic tokens you hold into 2
damage. Spend everything on Movement, and destroy them with
One-Two Fury.

106

Lightning Style

Range: 1

After you deal damage, you gain 1 Speed token.

2+ or 5+ or 8+: Deadly Dance
Teleport 2 spaces. Deal 1 damage to an enemy within range.
5+: Teleport 2 spaces. Deal 2 damage to an enemy within range.
8+: Teleport 2 spaces. Deal 2 damage to an enemy within range.
Lightning Style is fast. Real fast. So fast you can't see it coming.
Lightning One-Two makes great use of Whirlwind and Deadly
Dance with the Lightning Ability, giving you tons of Speed tokens while
you hit multiple times per Action.
Lightning Shadow and Lightning Dance are obvious Stances, as
they can put those extra Speed tokens to use on their Unique Actions.
Lightning Wild is a monstrous Stance that refunds half of your Fury,
letting you keep the chain going 50% longer than normal.
With the Wardancer Ability, Lightning Zen can perform an 8+
Deadly Dance and a 5+ Deadly Dance every single turn.

Overwhelming Style

Range: 1

You ignore Armor when dealing damage.
When an enemy hits you with an Action, you may spend a Power
token to deal 1 damage to them and push them 1 space.

4+ or 8+: Power Strike
Deal 2 damage to an enemy within range.
You gain 2 Power tokens.
8+: Deal 4 damage and gain 4 Power tokens instead.
Overwhelming Style can break through the mightiest defenses,
leaving your enemies reeling from your mere presence.
Overwhelming Power is the obvious choice, letting you immediately
spend as many of those Power tokens as possible on damage.
Overwhelming Blaster, Wild, and One-Two each appreciate the
Overwhelming Ability to ignore Armor, for Shockwave, Fury, and the
One-Two Ability.
With the Wardancer Ability, Overwhelming Zen can perform an 8+
Power Strike and two 4+ Power Strikes every single turn.

107

Relentless Style

Range: 1

When you deal damage to an enemy, immediately push them one
space and then move into the empty space they left.
If you damage multiple enemies at the same time, push all of them
one space, then move into one of the empty spaces they left.

3+ or 5+ or 7+: Rush Down
Deal 1 damage to an enemy within range.
Then, deal 1 damage to an enemy within range.
5+: Then, deal 1 damage to an enemy within range.
7+: Then, deal 1 damage to an enemy within range.
The Relentless Ability requires you to move into their space if you
can, even if you do not want to. If they are standing in a full space (such as
a Wall) due to an Ability, you do not move into that space.
Relentless Style lets you smash your foes across the battlefield.
Relentless One-Two and Relentless Blaster hit additional times, so
you can move farther and push farther.
Relentless Blaster and Relentless Control have additional range,
so you don't accidentally send opponent's flying out of your reach.
Relentless Zen can Rush Down very efficiently, as their numbers
perfectly line up with Rush Down's cost.

Weightless Style

Range: 1

All spaces are Empty spaces to you.
Edges cannot remove you from play.
Rubble does not make you discard Speed tokens.
Traps deal no damage to you.

4+ or 7+: Effortless
Teleport to any space you can see.
7+: Choose an ally. They may teleport to any space they can see.
Weightless Style ignores trouble in a way no other Style can. You
have no way of stopping their tricks, so why not just ignore them?
Weightless Power and Weightless Iron can use Effortless to make
up for their lack of mobility.
Weightless Blaster can re-position your entire team with Effortless.
Weightless Song and Weightless Vigilance are excellent recovery
Stances, able to escape any trap or foe.

108

Archetype: Winterblossom
Your style is calm, controlled, precise, and icy. A Winterblossom's
fighting style revolves around controlling and weakening your enemies,
reducing them to a helpless mess that cannot hope to fight back.
The Winterblossom is a controlling Archetype that shuts down your
foes, similar to the Angel. But while the Angel buffs herself into being
untouchable, the Winterblossom weakens her foes into uselessness,
before destroying them with a well-timed power blow.
The Winterblossom has no problems against other defensive and
controlling foes, winning the war of attrition with ease. But aggressive
enemies are a problem, as they can dish out damage faster than you can
stop it. One-Two Form is especially bad for you, as its users can remove
two Weakness tokens per attack.
But if you can pile on the Weakness tokens, your opponents will never
be able to touch you.

109

Focused Winterblossom
At the start of every turn, give 1 Weakness token to one enemy
within range.

Fused Winterblossom
At the start and end of your turn, give 1 Weakness token to one
enemy within range.

Frantic Winterblossom
At the start and end of this turn, give 2 Weakness tokens to one
enemy within range.
Focused Winterblossoms give out a Weakness token at the start of
every turn, not just yours. Each ally's turn, each enemy's turn, if an enemy
is within your range, you may hand them a Weakness token.

Crystal Style

Range: 1-2

When one of your Copies is destroyed, it deals 1 damage to every
enemy adjacent to it.
3+ or 6+: Splinter
Place a Copy of you into any space within range. Then, deal 1
damage to every enemy adjacent to that Copy.
6+: Place a Copy of you into any space within range. Then, deal
1 damage to every enemy adjacent to that Copy.
Free: Shatter
Shatter is a Token Action that costs nothing.

Destroy one of your Copies. Give one Weakness token to an
enemy that was within range of that Copy.
Crystal Style litters the field with bombs for you to detonate at will.
Crystal Blaster lets you place more Copies per Splinter, and give
out Weakness tokens to multiple enemies with Shatter.
Crystal Shadow can use Stunt to place Copies in the middle of
your enemies' turns, surprising them with an instant Shatter.
Crystal Control gives you tons of range, letting you place Copies
from afar and use them as a network for your Control tokens and
Winterblossom Ability.
Crystal Zen can reliably Splinter 2-3 times a turn.

110

Frozen Style

Range: 1

After an enemy moves into an empty space adjacent to you, you
may give them one Weakness token.

3+: Exploit Weakness
Choose one enemy within range. Give them one Weakness
token and deal 2 damage to them.
The Frozen Ability triggers each time an enemy moves into a space
adjacent to you, even if they are moving around you or passing through.
Frozen Style makes it difficult to approach you, as anyone doing so
has their strength stolen away from them.
Frozen Dance can Grapple enemies to you, giving them Weakness
tokens and giving you Speed tokens simultaneously.
Frozen Shadow can Stunt away after your enemies trigger the
Frozen Ability, forcing them to move in again if they want to hit you.
Frozen Iron can Contain foes to force them to come to you, while
keeping you flush with Armor and Iron tokens to survive the attention.

Precision Style

Range: 1-2

Your Actions deal +1 damage to enemies with Armor or Shields.
When you target an enemy with an Action, they must discard 1
Iron token.

3+ and 3+: Perfect Strike
This Action costs two numbers to perform.

Deal 4 damage to an enemy within range. This damage cannot
be reduced by Armor and ignores Shields. Tokens and Abilities
cannot be used in response to Perfect Strike.
The Precision Ability adds only +1 damage, even against an enemy
with both Armor and a Shield.
Precision Style punishes defensive strategies, crashing straight
through their Shields and Armor.
Precision Blaster lets Perfect Strike hit multiple foes, making up for
its multiple-number cost.
Precision Shadow and Precision Wild both have the most Action
Dice, giving you more opportunities for Perfect Strikes.
Precision Zen can Perfect Strike and 7+ Focus every turn.
Precision Power combines their Abilities to deal massive damage
regardless of your opponent's defenses.

111

Pressure Style

Range: 1-2

At the start of your turn, give one Weakness token to every enemy
within range.

5+: Apply Pressure
Choose one enemy within range. Deal damage to them equal to
the number of tokens they hold.
You can only use Apply Pressure once per turn.
Pressure Style is your big finisher. Once your enemies are drowning
in tokens, Apply Pressure will destroy them.
Pressure Vigilance combines Pressure Style with the only Form
that can give tokens to enemies the same turn you Apply Pressure.
Pressure Blaster and Pressure Reversal let you get around Apply
Pressure's once per turn limitation.
Pressure Zen guarantees you can Apply Pressure, while spending
the rest of your numbers to Focus so you aren't vulnerable to retaliation.

Reflected Style

Range: 2-3

At the start of your turn, you may place up to three Walls into
empty adjacent spaces.
You can see and target enemies through Walls.

3+: Walled In
Place 3 Walls into empty spaces within Range 1-3.

3+: Icicle Fall
Deal 1 damage to each enemy adjacent to any Walls.
Reflected Style is the ultimate defensive combat style, building a
wall to hide behind while you continue to strike out at your foes.
Reflected One-Two doubles the damage of Icicle Fall.
Reflected Blaster and Reflected Control increase your Range, so
you can stay behind your wall without moving.
Reflected Shadow can teleport away if your wall is broken.

112

Chapter 6
Between Combat

113

What Is A Skill?
In Panic at the Dojo, people are larger than life. They aren't like you
and me. They aren't mostly well rounded and focused on all the general
things that help you survive day to day life. They're focused on doing a
few things extremely well, at the exclusion of all other things.
This is what your Skills are all about. If you do something related to
one of your Skills, you are hyper-competent, only able to fail against
incredible odds or equally skilled opponents. Someone who is
Unstoppable can just charge right through a series of walls, rip off a bank
vault door, or even punch a car out of their way. They could do all of that
in a row, if they wanted to. There's no stopping the Unstoppable.
If you attempt to do something outside of your Skills, you are
comically inept and guaranteed to be embarrassed, hurt, or put in a bad
spot. A Professional should be able to drive a car, for example, and most
unique skills will also give you that ability, but Truth can't drive. She's a
vampire, she never learned. If she got behind the wheel, the scene would
cut to three minutes later when Truth is walking out of a 4 way collision
and it's somehow on fire.
When you attempt something you just do not know how to do, you fail.
You fail miserably and catastrophically and there's not much you can do
about it. But don't worry - failure here has no real consequences beyond
how you get to what happens next. Whether they drive to their destination
or Truth crashes the car into their destination, the heroes will always get
where they need to go. It's just a matter of how cool or irresponsible they
are doing it.

114

Your Big Debut
Skills are used during three different parts of gameplay: During a
Debut, to get past some Trouble, or to resolve a Contest.
A Debut is a character's first scene. The Heroes can debut at the
start of the game in any order they want. The goal of this scene is to show
off. You want to look cool and sell everyone on who your character is.
Begin your debut by setting the scene for us. Tell us where you are,
what's happening around you, and what terrible thing is about to happen
to you. It should sound like something that happens regularly in your
hero's life. Then, describe how you use at least two of your Skills to get
out of the situation.
For an example of someone's Debut, let's use one of the first scenes
in The Incredibles. Mr. Incredible is sitting in his too-tiny desk, an old lady
wailing across from him about how her insurance just has to cover this or
she doesn't know what she's going to do. So how does he handle this?
Well, he uses his Professional skill to tell her how to get through all the
loopholes and make sure she gets coverage. When his boss gets mad at
him about this, he gets angry and uses Unstoppable to throw his boss
through the wall, getting himself fired and setting up the rest of his plot arc
for the film.
Once each Hero has made their Debut, the Director will set up a
combat scenario for them. This scenario should kick off the plot for the
session, with villains who are after something specific the Heroes must
protect or also want.
Some of the Heroes may be on different sides in this first fight, only
teaming up after kicking some sense into each other. See Switched Sides
(page 18) for more information on how to play out such a fight.

115

A Spot Of Trouble
Trouble is when there's a problem, but it isn't one you can just fight
your way through. For example, a car swerves out of their lane straight at
you, or you need to get a message out but the phones are jammed.
Trouble often has multiple ways to be solved, and whoever jumps in to
solve the Trouble is the one who gets it.
Between fights, there should be one Trouble to resolve per Hero.
Some Trouble might be complicated, and require two Heroes to work
together - that counts as two Troubles. Present the Heroes with problems
one after another, and let each Hero step up to solve one of them.
Once every Hero has stepped up to a Trouble, they make it to
whatever the next Fight is planned to be. Troubles are basically the route
they take to get there, and may modify the fight depending on how well
they did.
How well they resolve the Trouble depends on what skills they have
to use. If a Skill applies to the solution they want to use, they succeed!
The Hero tells us how cool they look while they handle the problem, how
easily they help everyone through, and how they nip any complications in
the bud.
If they do not have an appropriate Skill, they fail! Miserably. The Hero
tells us how they make a big mess, cause problems for themselves and
the rest of you, and how they bumble on ahead in spite of their mistakes.
Failure never gets in the way of progress. Failure just makes
progress a bumpy, painful road, instead of an easy one.
The first Trouble or two will almost definitely be successful. Its the
last couple where the problem comes in. Once you've solved a Trouble,
you can't solve any more Troubles. You're done. Someone else must
stand in the spotlight, and they might not have what it takes.
If everyone successfully resolves their Trouble, the next fight
happens with their advantage. The Heroes place themselves on the map
after the enemies are already on the battlefield. Each Hero may start the
fight wherever they want to be.
If there is one failure, then the fight proceeds as normal. The Heroes
and enemies are placed on opposite ends of the arena and the fight
proceeds as planned.
If there are two or more failed Troubles, then the enemies get an
Ambush! The Heroes place themselves in the arena first, and the villains
place themselves around the heroes, surrounding them entirely.

116

Contests of Skill
A Contest is like a Trouble, but against an enemy instead of an
obstacle. Instead of racing through town to get there on time, you're
racing against someone on a motorbike to get there ahead of them.
A Contest can replace a Trouble, or it can replace / delay a Fight. The
main difference between Contests and Troubles are the consequences.
Contests have a lot more impact on the game around them.
A failed or successful Trouble has little real impact. A failed Contest
leads directly to a fight or a loss. Either you must give up on what you
were Contesting, or you need to fight over it, right here, right now. In
addition, a lost Contest always makes the fight into an Ambush, as above.
A tied Contest has only one result: You must fight over it. You are
evenly matched, no one can get a clear advantage, and the whole contest
breaks down after someone throws a punch.
A successful Contest can have any of three results, chosen by the
winning Hero. You can get what you want, skip the next fight, or pick a
fight with an advantage.
If you get what you want, you succeed in the contest! You get exactly
what you're contesting over. If this was your last Trouble between combat,
this leads directly into a fight over what you got. Otherwise, continue with
the Troubles.
If you skip the next fight, reset your current Troubles entirely. You
managed to avoid this fight, and you've moved on to the next one. You
can only choose this option if you tried to use a Contest to avoid a fight in
the first place, by running away or sneaking past or some other plan.
If you create an advantage, you get to start the next fight with a
Bonus, or give your enemies a Penalty. The Bonuses and Penalties are
found on page 20.
So how do you win or lose a Contest? They're a little more
complicated than a Trouble, and have three variables: Whether or not you
have an appropriate Skill, who you're up against, and Teamwork.

117

Heroes Vs. Stooges
Stooges do not have Skills. If you have an appropriate Skill, you will
always defeat them in a contest. Defeated Stooges will likely run off to get
a Warrior or Boss to face you properly.
If you have an appropriate Skill, you win the Contest.
If you do not have an appropriate Skill, you Tie the Contest, and
must fight them.

Heroes Vs. Warriors
Warriors have a single skill! If both of you have a Skill that applies, or
if neither of you have a Skill that applies, then the contest is a Tie, and
you must fight them.
If you have a Skill and they do not, you win the Contest.
If they have a Skill and you do not, you lose the Contest.
If both of you are Skilled, the Contest is a Tie.

Heroes Vs. Bosses
Bosses are much stronger than individual heroes, and cannot be
beaten in a fair Contest. They have multiple Skills, with stronger Bosses
having more Skills than even Heroes do.
A Skilled Hero against a Boss with no applicable Skills is a Tie.
A Skilled Boss always wins against a single Hero, whether the Hero
has an appropriate Skill or not. A Skilled Boss can only be defeated by
Teamwork.

118

Teamwork
A Skilled Boss is unbeatable, and a Skilled Warrior will tie with you
even if you are also Skilled. But you don't have to play fair. There are
more Heroes than enemies (usually).
If two Skilled Heroes work together, they can improve the results
of a Contest by one step, turning a loss into a Tie and a Tie into a Win.
If three Skilled Heroes all work together, they will always Win
against any single opponent. Each Skilled Hero beyond the first who all
work together increases the result of the contest by one degree.
The enemies can also use teamwork.
When Heroes and enemies each use Teamwork in a big opposed
Contest, give each side a point value to determine who wins. The side
with more points Wins the Contest, as you might expect. If both sides
have an equal number of points, the Contest is a Tie, and you must fight.
Stooges are worth no points. They only get in the way.
Unskilled Heroes and Warriors are also worth no points. They cannot
help a Contest of Teamwork.
A Skilled Hero or Warrior is worth one point.
An Unskilled Boss is worth one point.
A Skilled Boss is worth two points.
For example, if you are competing against two skilled Bosses with
four skilled Heroes, the end result is a Tie. 4 points vs 4 points.
One Skilled Hero vs. one Skilled Boss is a Loss. 1 point vs 2 points.
One Skilled Hero vs. ten Stooges is a Win. 1 point vs 0 points.
Three Skilled Heroes vs an Unskilled Boss, a Skilled Warrior, and
three Stooges is a Win. 3 points vs 2 points.

119

120

Chapter 7
Meeting Heroes
.

121

If you're playing Panic at the Dojo for the first time, as a Hero
character, this chapter is right where you should be! This chapter will go
over everything you need to know to create your Hero and their Stances.

Color Coding
Some of the most important terms in Panic at the Dojo come up
extremely often. In order to more easily differentiate them from one
another, they have been color coded, as follows.
Forms are Blue.
Styles are Red.
Stances are Gold.

Actions are Green.
Character Options are Purple.
Skills are Orange.

Making Heroes
There are three ways to build a Hero: Focused, Fused, or Frantic.
Focused Heroes fall entirely within a single Archetype. They are
very powerful and excel in the area they focus on, but lack flexibility or
versatility compared to other types of Heroes.
Fused Heroes are made by combining two Archetypes. You get
Stances and an Archetype ability from both, allowing you to create a
blended fighting style unique to you.
Frantic Heroes are made by picking three Archetypes, and taking
one Style from each. You only get one Archetype, Style, and Form each
turn, but you pick one of each every single turn, giving you unparalleled
flexibility at the cost of unreliability.

Optional Rule: Niche Protection
If you want each hero to be completely unique, you can make it a rule
that nobody can pick a Style someone else has. Under this rule, Focused
and Fused heroes can never pick the same Archetype as one another, and
Frantic heroes need to check with everyone else about what Styles they
have.
This rule is optional. Use it if you think it'd make the game more fun, or
ignore it if you think it wouldn't.

122

Hero Creation Overview
No matter which kind of Hero you build, they will be operating under
similar rules. You will have three Stances, an Archetype Ability, and a
Build. These elements combine to create your character's fighting style.
A Stance is made by combining a Style with a Form. The Forms are
found in Chapter 4, and the Styles are found in Chapter 5.
Focused Heroes and Fused Heroes make Stances as normal, but
Frantic Heroes do not. They pick 3 Styles and 3 Forms, and make
Stances on the fly mid-combat.
You may use any Form you like for any Stance, but each of your
Stances must have a different Form. You cannot 'double up' on Forms.
Which Styles you have access to depends on which type of Hero you
are making.
Focused Heroes must pick all of their Styles from one Archetype.
Fused Heroes must pick their Styles from two Archetypes, with one
Style from each and the third Style from either one.
Frantic Heroes may pick Styles from any Archetype, but only one
Style per Archetype. They cannot pick two Styles from the same
Archetype.
Your Archetype Ability comes from the Archetypes you picked
your Styles from.
Focused Heroes have a single powerful Archetype Ability.
Fused Heroes have two weak Archetype Abilities.
Frantic Heroes have three powerful Archetype Abilities, but can
only use one at a time, and cannot use the same one two turns in a row.
Your Build is chosen separately from everything else. The Builds
are found on page 126. You can choose any Build you'd like, regardless
of your other choices.

